about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

I'm [Antonio Gutierrez][linkedin] and I'm a Computer Engineer from Venezuela, currently living in Germany. I hold a BS degree in Electronics Engineering with a major in Automation and Control from the [Rafael Belloso Chacin University][urbe] and a MS degree in Electrical and Computer Engineering with a major in Embedded Systems from the [Technical University of Kaiserslautern][tuk]. I've previously worked in the Industrial Automation sector for a bit more than a year and now I'm more oriented towards the Embedded Systems sector.

On the Software side I'm proficient in C and C++, and experienced in Python, Shell scripting and Java.

Additionally on the Hardware side, I'm well experienced in the Hardware Description Language VHDL, which I used for my masters' thesis. 

I love learning and as such, in my spare time I have taken several courses from [Udacity][Udacity] and [Coursera][Coursera] such as Intro to Computer Science, Intro to Statistics, Algorithms I and Algorithms II.

I am a huge fan of [VIM][vim] and Linux.

When I'm not doing creating something using any of the above, you can find me reading a book, reading/editing Wikipedia articles, watching educational Youtube videos, or hacking away.

I have several diverse interests, some related to my line of work are: SW Development of Embedded Systems, HW Development of Embedded Systems, Android, Linux, Machine Learning, Ambient Intelligence ([IoT][iot]), Robotics, among others.

[iot]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_of_Things
[linkedin]: http://www.linkedin.com/in/antoniojgutierrezp
[urbe]:http://urbe.edu
[tuk]: http://www.uni-kl.de
[vim]: http://www.vim.org
[coursera]: http://www.coursera.org
[udacity]: http://www.udacity.com

Commit message:

About: update information
Hadn't updated it in years and some things have changed :P

Signed-off-by: Antonio Gutierrez <chibby0ne@gmail.com>

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

I'm [Antonio][linkedin] and I'm a Software Developer from Venezuela, currently located in Munich, Germany. I hold a M.Sc. degree in Embedded Systems from the [Technical University of Kaiserslautern][tuk]. I worked for over 2 years as a Software Engineer for [Intel][intel] in Ulm and then here in Munich in GUI Development of Eclipse for IoT, Microcontrollers and Debugger Tools, and before that I worked in the Industrial Automation sector for almost two year using Siemens PLCs. Nowadays, I'm orienting my career more towards data science and machine learning.

On the Software side I'm proficient in C, C++, Java, and experienced in Python, Bash and golang.

Additionally on the Hardware side, I'm well experienced in the Hardware Description Language VHDL, which I used for my masters' thesis. 

I love learning and as such, in my spare time I have taken several courses from [Udacity][Udacity] and [Coursera][Coursera] such as Intro to Computer Science, Intro to Statistics, Machine Learning, Algorithms I and Algorithms II. I also love staying in touch with the latest developments in Software Development, that has led me to dabble with [Docker][docker] and [Kubernetes][kubernetes].

I am a huge fan of [vim][vim] and Linux. My current distro of choice is [Arch Linux][archlinux]. I'm also starting to grow fond of the [golang][golang] programming language.

When I'm not doing creating something using any of the above, you can find me reading a book, reading/editing Wikipedia articles, watching educational YouTube videos, or hacking away.

I have several diverse interests, some related to my line of work are: Machine Learning, Data Science, Cloud computing, Container technology, Blockchain technology, Ambient Intelligence (IoT), Robotics, Sustainable Transportation, among others.

[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/antoniojgutierrezp
[tuk]: https://www.uni-kl.de
[intel]: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/homepage.html
[udacity]: https://www.udacity.com
[coursera]: https://www.coursera.org
[docker]: https://www.docker.com/
[kubernetes]: https://kubernetes.io/
[vim]: https://www.vim.org
[archlinux]: https://www.archlinux.org/
[golang]: https://golang.org/
