about/index.md, before:

---
layout: default
---

I'm [Antonio Gutierrez][linkedin] and I'm a Computer Engineer from Venezuela. I hold a BS degree in Electronics Engineering with a major in Automation and Control from the [Rafael Belloso Chacin University][urbe] and a MS degree in Electrical and Computer Engineering with a major in Embedded Systems from the [Technical University of Kaiserslautern][tuk]. I've previously worked in the Industrial Automation sector for a bit more than a year and now I'm more oriented towards Embedded Systems.

I'm experienced in C, C++, Python, Shell scripting, and have dabbled in Java.

Additonally, I'm well experienced in in the Hardware Description Language VHDL, which I used for my masters' thesis. 

I love learning and as such, in my spare time I completed several courses from [Udacity][udacity] and [Coursera][coursera] such as Intro to Computer Science, Intro to Statistics, Algorithms I, Algorithms II.

I am overly attached fan of [VIM][vim].

In my spare time you can find me reading a book, reading/editing wikipedia articles, watching educational youtube videos, or hacking away.

[linkedin]: http://www.linkedin.com/in/antoniojgutierrezp
[urbe]:http://urbe.edu
[tuk]: http://www.uni-kl.de
[vim]: http://www.vim.org
[coursera]: http://www.coursera.org
[udacity]: http://www.udacity.com

Commit message:

Edit about section, social icons and title of web

about/index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: about me
---

I'm [Antonio Gutierrez][linkedin] and I'm a Computer Engineer from Venezuela, currently living in Germany. I hold a BS degree in Electronics Engineering with a major in Automation and Control from the [Rafael Belloso Chacin University][urbe] and a MS degree in Electrical and Computer Engineering with a major in Embedded Systems from the [Technical University of Kaiserslautern][tuk]. I've previously worked in the Industrial Automation sector for a bit more than a year and now I'm more oriented towards the Embedded Systems sector.

On the Software side I'm proficient in C and C++, and experienced in Python, Shell scripting and Java.

Additonally on the Hardware side, I'm well experienced in in the Hardware Description Language VHDL, which I used for my masters' thesis. 

I love learning and as such, in my spare time I taken several courses from [Udacity][udacity] and [Coursera][coursera] such as Intro to Computer Science, Intro to Statistics, Algorithms I and Algorithms II.

I am a huge fan of [VIM][vim] and Linux.

When I'm not doing creating something using any of the above, you can find me reading a book, reading/editing wikipedia articles, watching educational youtube videos, or hacking away.

I have several diverse interests, some realted to my line of work are: SW dev of Embedded Systems, HW dev of Embedded Systems, Android, Linux, Machine Learning, Ambient Intelligence ([IoT][iot]), Robotics, among others.

[iot]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Internet_of_Things
[linkedin]: http://www.linkedin.com/in/antoniojgutierrezp
[urbe]:http://urbe.edu
[tuk]: http://www.uni-kl.de
[vim]: http://www.vim.org
[coursera]: http://www.coursera.org
[udacity]: http://www.udacity.com
